How many disks?
UI 5
0:Human plays. 1:Computer plays.
UI 1
a54321
b
c

move 4 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 3 disks from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a5432
b
c1

move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a543
b2
c1

move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a543
b21
c

move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a54
b21
c3

move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a541
b2
c3

move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a541
b
c32

move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a54
b
c321

move 1 disk from a to b
move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a5
b4
c321

move 3 disks from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from c to b
move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from c to a
move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from c to b
move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a5
b41
c32

move 1 disk from c to a
move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from c to b
move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a52
b41
c3

move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from c to b
move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a521
b4
c3

move 1 disk from c to b
move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a521
b43
c

move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a52
b43
c1

move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a5
b432
c1

move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a5
b4321
c

move 1 disk from a to c
move 4 disks from b to c


a
b4321
c5

move 4 disks from b to c


move 3 disks from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


move 2 disks from b to c
move 1 disk from b to a
move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from b to a
move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a1
b432
c5

move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from b to a
move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a1
b43
c52

move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from b to a
move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a
b43
c521

move 1 disk from b to a
move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a3
b4
c521

move 2 disks from c to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from c to a
move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a3
b41
c52

move 1 disk from c to a
move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a32
b41
c5

move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a321
b4
c5

move 1 disk from b to c
move 3 disks from a to c


a321
b
c54

move 3 disks from a to c


move 2 disks from a to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from a to c
move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c


a32
b
c541

move 1 disk from a to b
move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c


a3
b2
c541

move 1 disk from c to b
move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c


a3
b21
c54

move 1 disk from a to c
move 2 disks from b to c


a
b21
c543

move 2 disks from b to c


move 1 disk from b to a
move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c


a1
b2
c543

move 1 disk from b to c
move 1 disk from a to c


a1
b
c5432

move 1 disk from a to c


a
b
c54321




SCORE: 30/30
